SOUTHBOUND RAMP WILL CLOSE AND
WILL NOT REOPEN UNTIL THE FALL
OF 2016.
THAT IS A BIG MESS THERE.
ST. LOUIS PARK.
A PERFECT TIME TO GET AWAY
AND ENJOY THE LAKE.
FRANK AND AMELIA ARE IN
CUMBERLAND, WISCONSIN TODAY.
A TWO-HOUR JAUNT FROM THE TWIN
CITIES.
YOU LOOK LIKE A NATURAL ON THE
PADDLEBOARD YOGA.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I DON'T KNOW IF I'M A NATURAL,
BUT  -- WE'LL FIND OUT HERE
SHORTLY.
YOU KNOW, EVERYONE AT CCO LOVES
GOING ON THESE TRIPS.
YOU FIND THESE FANTASTIC PLACES
TO TRAVEL TO.
CUMBERLAND IS A REAL GEM.
WE HAVE HAD AN OUTSTANDING
TIME.
BEHIND US ALL THE GOOD LOOKING
PEOPLE HERE AT THE CUMBERLAND
GOLF CLUB.
IT IS A BEAUTIFUL COURSE.
THERE IS SO MUCH TO DO HERE
IF YOU WANT TO GET OUTSIDE AND
ENJOY THE OUTDOORS AND WHETHER
YOU WANT TO BUY EQUIPMENT OR
RENT EQUIPMENT.
THEY ARE PERFECT.
IT IS RIGHT ON MAIN STREET IN
CUMBERLAND.
THEY TOOK US OUT TODAY TO TRY
PADDLEBOARD YOGA.
YOU SAW ROG ROLLING LAST NIGHT.
FRANK HAD A LITTLE MORE TROUBLE
TODAY.
WHY ISN'T ANYONE ELSE
KNEELING DOWN THIS MORNING?
KEEP YOUR WEIGHT EVENLY
DISTRIBUTED
I LOVE YOU, BUT YOU'RE NOT
THE INSTRUCTOR.
OKAY?
ARE YOU'RE GOING TO BE OKAY?
WHY IS MY BOARD MORE WOBBLY
THAN ANYONE ELSE'S?
BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE
BALANCE.
WATCH OUT.
LIKE I HAVE CONTROL OF WHERE
I'M GOING.
[ LAUGHTER ]
OH, I THOUGHT THEY HAD A
REMEDIAL CLASS.
PAM WAS A FANTASTIC INSTRUCTOR
BUT I HAD SOME ISSUES OUT
THERE.
ALTHOUGH, I DID FEEL A TINY BIT
BETTER WHEN THEY SAID AT MY
SIZE AND HEIGHT AND WEIGHT I
SHOULD HAVE HAD A BIGGER BOARD.
YOU STARTED DOING
PADDLEBOARDING AND I WANTED TO
STAY LONGER TO GET INTO THE
YOGA CLASS.
IT WAS DIFFICULT AND YOU REALLY
DO WORK OUT YOUR CORE BUT IT
WAS WONDERFUL.
A BIG THANK YOU TO POLY.
SHE SET US UP AND HOOKED US UP
AND WE HAD A GREAT TIME.
POLY IS THE BEST.
THE CHEERS AND LAUGHTER YOU
HEARD WHEN AMELIA MADE A GOOD
MOVE, THEY SAID EWE AND WHEN
THEY SHOWED MY SIDE, THEY
STREAMED AND CHEERED.
3-0. REALLY THIS HAS BEEN A
WONDERFUL TRIP AND EVERYBODY
HERE HAS BEEN SO GRACIOUS AND
SO FRIENDLY AND WE REALLY HAD A
GREAT TIME HERE IN CUMBERLAND.
IT IS GREAT THAT LIZ AND
HEATHER AND NATALIE AND YOU PUT
IT INTO AN X CHROMOSOME
COMPETITION.
I KNOW.
WE WANT THE LAST SHOT.
END ON A POSITIVE NOTE YOU TWO.
POSITIVE NOTE.
ALL THE PEOPLE THAT OWN PLACES
UP HERE, VERY COMMITTED TO
MAKING THEIR TOWN THE BEST IT
CAN BE AND YOU CAN SENSE THAT
AND FEEL IT.
I THINK THAT IS WHAT MAKES
CUMBERLAND A SPECIAL PLACE.
SOME PEOPLE LEFT TOWN AND